Let's continue on the U-V mapping for our character maybe we can work on the glove or Gauntlett.
So now I'm going to come over here and I think I will break this apart again.
I'll select this edge press control me and edge split and then I will hover over this press l and press
shift.
H.
And now I can isolate this piece and work with it on its own.
So I think what I will do is split this piece underneath here I'll just alt select this edge and let's
see how this works before I try anything else I want to press control.
Me and Mark seem and I'm going to select everything press you and unwrap not bad.
I'm going to press control up arrow to expand this particular window.
This isn't bad but we've got some polling here.
I'd like to try and get rid of a pest control up there again to minimize that.
I'm going to switch back to the texture view here and let me take a look at that.
And you can see how the squares of the test pattern are a little bigger up here than they are down here.
That may not be a problem but I think I'd like to see if I can get it a little bit closer in proportion
here.
So what I can do is maybe try this.
I'm going to select this edge and see if I can split that thumb apart like that control the mark seam.
Now if I select all and hit you and unwrap Let's see what happens.
It's a little better we're not seeing as much stretching over here.
Let me press control plus Yeah that's not bad.
I think that might just work.
Let's go back here.
The difference in the squares between up here and down here is a little bit less.
Still some different but not bad.
And I think the seams that I've chosen here this seam underneath here and this seem right here.
I think those will be fairly well hidden.
All right.
So let's go with that.
Press alt H.
Why don't we work on the eyes next.
The eyes I've made is just very simple half spheres.
So let me just select one here.
When I go into edit mode and hover over one of these and press the L key and then I'll press shift h
to isolate it.
And as you can see it's just a half cylinder with an extrusion for the pupil and that's about it.
Let's go into our U-V editing view and I'll frame that up with the period key on the numpad.
If I come over here to the texture shading we can see that we can't see the checker pattern on it and
that's because there are no U-V maps for this object.
So let's just try this and see what happens.
I'm going to press with everything selected here.
I'm just going to press you and unwrap and let's just see what happens.
All right kind of stretched not too bad I'll switch over to conform.
Let's see if that helps at all.
Not really.
So we could try and alleviate some of this stretching by creating seems to edge mode maybe every edge
here we could select and create a seam kind of a star pattern of seems here.
Let's try this
also like that in press control E. and Mark seen and now it's like everything and press you and unwrap
and that looks pretty good that there isn't a whole lot of stretching there.
There's some right there in the center for the pupil but I'm not sure we care too much about them because
that's just going to be black that's just going to be a solid black color.
Let's go with this and see how that works.
All right so I'll go back to my default view and press alt h to bring everything back tab out of edit
mode and I can press shift see to frame everything up.
I'll switch over to my texture view and now we can see we've got a U-V map on the arm.
The belt buckle and the thigh.
Let's see what we can do with one of the legs here.
So once again I'll go back to my solid view and to my U-V editing lay out here press Schiff's see and
I'll tab into edit mode and just select this leg with the L key and then press shift h to isolate it
and frame it up with the period key let me go back to solid view.
And now let's think about this.
I think what I'll need to do is break the boot apart from the legs so I'm like this edge and I will
go ahead and go to control me and edge split.
So now these should be two pieces if I hover over here and hit the L key you can see that these are
two pieces now.
I mean just think about the leg here I think we could just select this edge right here on the inside.
Mark a seam control the more extreme and let's select this piece hover over it and press the key and
press you and unwrap it.
Not too bad.
And what I've done is just select that seam on the inside of the leg where it will be seen the least.
Let me switch over to texture view here.
And there is our texture and it's looking pretty good of course there's going to be that seam down the
middle but that's OK that's not going to be seen too much.
All right let's turn back in the edit mode switch back to solid and let's take a look at this.
The boot
for this I know we're going to need an edge or a seam here.
I want to break it out there so I'll go ahead and add a seam there.
I know we want that Mark seam.
But how do we want to split up the rest of it.
We could say that there's a natural seam in the boot from the back and you could select this.
We could also say maybe we want the edge to be similar to this edge over here and be on the inside.
So no real wrong answer here it's really the way you want to do it.
And what's going to work for your particular character and your particular boot or accessory or whatever.
I think I'll first try it like this.
I will try using this image right back here.
I'm going to select this edge and then control click this edge and it will select everything in between
there.
Press Control and Mark scene I'll select an edge here to break that apart because this is really going
to be a different type of texture I think from a lot of the other part of the boot.
So I think having a seam there is only natural so I'll press control and Mark seem.
And lastly I'm not sure if we're gonna need a seam across the top of the foot or even around the top
of the ankle.
Not sure how that's going to work.
So what I'll do is all hover over here and press l and let's just go ahead and test this.
I'll press l and click there and you notice that when I do that and hit the L key it only selects it
by seam.
In other words it hasn't selected these other parts that have seams around them.
So what I can do is I can change from selecting it by seam and I can choose a material and that will
select this whole thing.
Now I can press you and unwrap and there we are.
There is surprisingly little stretching here at the toe.
I'm actually kind of surprised.
I'm going to go and switch over to textured view and let's take a look at it.
Well that's not too bad actually.
The squares here are a little bit larger than over here.
I might be able to add an edge here to alleviate some of that difference but I think I'm going to go
with it I think right now let's go with that and see how it works.
Now it's up here that's causing a problem I think this part is stretching a little too much.
So I think what I'll do is select this edge and this edge or go ahead and add seems here and now let's
select this again with the L key and hit you and unwrap.
I still think this is having a problem.
You can see it here and maybe the problem is is we need to split it out along this edge back here since
it's a horizontal edge we probably need to do that press control.
And Mark the seam here hover over press l and then you and unwrap.
Yeah that's it right there.
And that's looking a little better a mess.
Change from angle based to conformal see if that helps any that kind of helped.
The difference in size from the toe to the rest of the boot.
I think that'll work just fine.
Yeah.
So let's press Allt age to bring everything else back.
And I'll go back to the default view.
Chris Schiff's see and switch over to the texture view.
And so we can see now we've got the character's leg the glove the buckle and the eye.